infra: Restructure Data content according to methodology (#77)
cs-pub-ro/operating-systems: chapters/data/memory-security/guides/buffer-overflow-leak/README.md

# Buffer Overflow Info Leak

Since arrays decay to pointers in C, the same effect may be obtained by using them.

> Navigate to the `guide/buffer-overflow-leak/` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the `chapters/data/memory-security/guides/buffer-overflow-leak/support/` directory.
```

Open and analyze the `array_leak.c` file.

Compile and run the program.
Can you extract any information from the output?
Can you identify the return address of the main function?

**Note:** You can use `objdump -d -M intel array_leak` to check the stack layout.
**Note:** Depending on the environment the layout may differ.

Next, open and analyze the `string_leak.c` file.
Compile and run the program.
To better understand the output, use `xxd` to interpret the output as hexadecimal bytes:

```console

> student@os:~/.../guides/buffer-overflow-leak/$ ./string_leak | xxd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
student@os:~/.../guides/buffer-overflow-leak/support/$ ./string_leak | xxd
```
